Made a script that when you run it will install APX 2.0 (#261)
Vanilla-OS/apx: README.md

make install-manpages DESTDIR=$HOME/altroot
```

> ### Installing using or script

Reviewer: Possible typo?

> ### Installing Apx using an shell script
> This script installs Apx automatically when you run the script, just make sure you have  `curl` and `git` installed, once you do clone this project and run the shell script
> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Installing Apx using a shell script

This script installs and sets up Apx automatically when you execute it, make sure you have  `curl` and `git` installed, then clone this project and run it.

```bash
```

Made a few minor fixes to the wording and also fixed Markdown spacing.
